# FlyingSpaghettiMonster Team

## Team Meeting 5 - Week 8 - 27th April 2024 (10AM-11AM)
**Absent:**
-
**Lead/scribe:**
Julius

## Stand Up
- Julius has refactored the AVL Tree, and used the AVL Tree for data storage (instead of List) 
- Adam has written Tokenizer for the App
- Devansu is currently working on refactoring the Tokenizer and writing the Parser
- Harrison has successfully moved the data to firebase
- Thanh (Nathan) has integrated FB-Auth and Profile page for each item


## Agenda Items
| Number |                                                                Item |
|:-------|--------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [1]    | Creating a Custom GPS feature / Activity                            |
| [2]    | Add a data deletion functionality                                   |
| [3]    | Continuing the Parser and Tokenizer                                 |
| [4]    | Writing Test and Report                                             |
| [5]    | Refactoring and adding design pattern                               |

## Meeting Minutes
- The meeting started with stand up procedures detailing what progress we have done past week
- Then the group start on iterating about what spec we haven't finished yet
- Devansu expected that the Tokeniser and Parser will be finished by this weekend
- Moving on to Checkpoint 2, Julius asked who can come to the checkpoint
- Devansu, Harrison, Adam, Nathan, and Julius all can come on Thursday checkpoint session
- Julius asked whether there is anyone willing to meet and write report on Wednesday 3PM
- Devansu, Harrison, Adam, and Thanh all agreed to meet and write a draft report
- The team should also find code smells and refactor, one code smell has been identified so far.


## Action Items
| Task                                             |  Assigned To   |  Due Date  |
|:-------------------------------------------------|:--------------:|:----------:|
| Writing GPS activity                             | Harrison       | 28th April |
| Implementing Interact-Micro                      | Devansu, Adam  | 30th April |
| Implementing direct message                      | Thanh (Nathan) | 28th April |
| Continuing the Parser and Tokenizer              |  Devansu       | 30th April |
| Testing and Report                               |     Julius     | 30th April |
| Refactor                                         |     Everyone    | 30th April |



## Scribe Rotation
The following dictates who will scribe in this and the next meeting.
| Name |
|------|
| Adam |
| Devansu |
| Harrison |
| Nathan |
| Julius |
